Document Workload Packages Clusters (#6212)
aws/eks-anywhere: docs/content/en/docs/packages/overview.md

> Components of EKS Anywhere curated packages consist of a controller, a CLI, and artifacts.

Author: Should Curated Packages be capitalized here?

### Package controller
The package controller will install, upgrade, configure and remove packages from the cluster.

> The package controller will watch the packages and packagebundle custom resources to determine which packages to run and their appropriate configuration values.

Reviewer: I feel like this says the same thing as the previous sentence but emphasizes the monitoring part. Does it make senes to drop it?

> The package controller performs these actions by watching the packages and packagebundle custom resources to determine which packages to run and their appropriate configuration values.

Author: @chrisdoherty4 I reworded this, I want it to go one layer deeper explaining how the package controller accomplishes what we say it does in line 15. Thoughts?

Packages CRD resources map to helm charts that the package controller uses to install packages workloads (such as cluster-autoscaler or metrics-server) on your clusters. The packagebundle object is the mapping between the package name and the specific helm chart and images that will be installed.

> The package controller only runs on the management cluster and manages packages on the management cluster and on the workload clusters.

Author: Confirming this with packages but I believe it cannot run on workload clusters and will also run on standalone clusters.

To learn more about how to install packages on both management and workload clusters, see below.

> Package release information is stored in a package bundle manifest. The package controller will continually monitor and download new package bundles. When a new package bundle is downloaded, it will show up as update available and users can use the CLI to activate the bundle to upgrade the installed packages.

Reviewer 2: > Package release information is stored in a package bundle manifest

Starting to get a little confused here. There are packages custom resources, packagebundle custom resource, helm charts, and now a package bundle manifest. I think we need to more clearly explain what each one of these things is, and how they relate to one another.

Reviewer 2: Ah looks like we may explain this in more detail below. We may want to consider moving the order around here, or linking to the below in this section.

> Package release information is stored in a package bundle manifest. The package controller will continually monitor and download new package bundles. When a new package bundle is downloaded, it will show up as update available and users can use the CLI to activate the bundle to upgrade the installed packages.

Reviewer 2: > The package controller will continually monitor and download new package bundles 

Can users configure this downloading behavior?

> When a new package bundle is downloaded, it will show up as update available 

Where is this "update available"? How can a user check for that?

> users can use the CLI to activate the bundle to upgrade the installed packages.

So packages won't automatically update unless the user explicitly performs this action?

Author: > Can users configure this downloading behavior?
no, it is not configurable.

> So packages won't automatically update unless the user explicitly performs this action?
correct

> Where is this "update available"? How can a user check for that?
would you be open to us filing a ticket to answer this question? it will require some investigation and I'm not sure I'll be able to get to it before I head out for PTO. I'd like to get the rest of this merged if possible.

Components of EKS Anywhere curated packages consist of a controller, a CLI, and artifacts.

### Package controller
The package controller is responsible for installing, upgrading, configuring, and removing packages from the cluster.

> The package controller performs these actions by watching the package and packagebundle custom resources to determine which packages to run and their appropriate configuration values.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The package controller performs these actions by watching the package and packagebundle custom resources to determine which packages to run and by setting their appropriate configuration values.
```

Packages custom resources map to helm charts that the package controller uses to install packages workloads (such as cluster-autoscaler or metrics-server) on your clusters. The packagebundle object is the mapping between the package name and the specific helm chart and images that will be installed.

The package controller only runs on the management cluster and manages packages on the management cluster and on the workload clusters.

> The package controller also runs on single node clusters.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The package controller also runs on single-node clusters.
```
nit

To learn more about how to install packages on both management and workload clusters, see below.

> Package release information is stored in a package bundle manifest. The package controller will continually monitor and download new package bundles. When a new package bundle is downloaded, it will show up as update available and users can use the CLI to activate the bundle to upgrade the installed packages. A package bundle upgrade always requires manual intervention as outlined in the [package bundles docs](./packagebundles.md).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Package release information is stored in a package bundle manifest. The package controller will continually monitor and download new package bundles. When a new package bundle is downloaded, it will show up as "update available" and users can use the CLI to activate the bundle to upgrade the installed packages. A package bundle upgrade always requires manual intervention as outlined in the [package bundles docs](./packagebundles.md).
```

### Curated packages artifacts
There are three types of build artifacts for packages: the container images, the helm charts and the package bundle manifests. The container images, helm charts and bundle manifests for all of the packages will be built and stored in EKS Anywhere ECR repository. Each package may have multiple versions specified in the packages bundle. The bundle will reference the helm chart tag in the ECR repository. The helm chart will reference the container images for the package.

> ### Installing packages on workload clusters

Author: Maybe this is way too verbose and just makes things worse? What do we think?

I feel like I could cut all the words and just have the image and example package spec and it might communicate how things work more succinctly/clearly.

Reviewer 5: Yeah, I think there could be less words. It's not necessarily that it's too verbose, but personally when reading it i find myself trying to visualize things. Aside from a brief introduction to the package controller and it's responsibilities, I think how we can approach this is maybe we have images or terminal outputs and words should simply explain what's in the output/image.

Reviewer 5: Also, should this information go under Package Management page? This page already links to in the first paragraph

Author: Did what you suggested and I think it's way better.

![Installing packages on workload clusters](/images/packages-controller-workload-cluster.png)

> The packages controller only runs on the management cluster. The curated packages controller determines which cluster to install your package on based on the namespace you create the `Package` resource in.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
The packages controller only runs on the management cluster, and it determines which cluster to install your package on based on the namespace specified on the `Package` resource.
```

> 

Reviewer 5: Can we move up the `Package` spec example here? I feel like this is where it becomes relevant.

After the example, we can also add some text referencing the example to conclude the point, "The package controller would install the `my-hello-eks-anywhere` package in the  workload cluster `wk0`

Note that there is a distinction between where your `Package` resource is created and where the helm chart for your package workload is actually installed, which is determined by the `targetNamespace` configuration field.

> Packages to be run on a management cluster can be installed to any namespace on the management cluster.

Reviewer 5: Maybe we can cut this and keep it focused on the workload cluster?

Packages to be run on a workload cluster should be installed to their appropriate packages controller-generated namespace.

For example, if you have a management cluster named mgmt and two workload clusters named wk0 and wk1, the workload namespaces would be:
```
$ kubectl --kubeconfig /mgmt/mgmt-eks-a-cluster.kubeconfig get namespaces | grep eksa-packages-

eksa-packages-wk0   Active   23d
eksa-packages-wk1   Active   23d
```

> To tell the packages controller to install the package helm chart, in this case hello-eks-anywhere, on wk0 your package spec would need to look as follows:

Reviewer 5: I don't know if we need to mention helm charts here

```suggestion
To tell the packages controller to install the package, in this case hello-eks-anywhere, on wk0 your package spec would need to look as follows:
```
